= Code-size meeting minutes 6th April 2021

== SIG

Someone needs to pick up the SIG and make it happen. Code-speed optimisation is fundamentally important and is a big gap.
SIGs will persist. The code-size reduction TG will complete its task (Zce) and then close down - or potentially start another version of Zce for 2023.

The next steps are that T&R will take this one, creation of the SIG will be their repsonsibility. Evandro ahd Christoph should make a proposal and present it at the T&R meeting.

== ISA review

=== Instruction postponement / cancellation

it's better to get all the instructions benchmarked if we can. Tariq to publish a list of outstanding tasks to be done. Maybe people can take them on, including PoC configurations.

If instructions have been rejected this should be noted in the spec, so that they don't come back.

We should discuss the encoding strategy at the next chairs meeting.

Anders can generate an encoding table using the IAR tools, and check that the encodings are valid.


